Working from Home.
The first thing to bear in mind when working from home
is that organizational policies still apply
and must be followed at all times.
It’s your responsibility to understand these policies
and create a workspace that prioritizes security.
Here are a few tips to help you out:
Protect your router.
If you haven’t already,
update the username and password of your router immediately.
Most routers ship with default login credentials
that are public knowledge.
If you need help, research your router’s model type, and
you’ll find several how-to articles for router maintenance.
Secure your WiFi.
Use a strong, unique password for your home WiFi.
This step is especially important if you live in an apartment complex,
or similar,
where multiple people are close enough to access your network.
Never use the same password for your network and your router.
Keep work and personal separate.
Avoid using work-issued devices for
personal reasons and vice versa.
Similarly, never use your work email
to conduct personal business.
If you must use a single computer for both work and personal,
set up separate user accounts to segregate data.
Protect both with strong passwords.
Beware of roommates.
By “roommates,” we mean your family, friends,
or anyone else that lives with you.
In short, never let other members of your household
access work-related accounts, data, or devices.
Key Takeaways
Organizational policies must be followed at all times,
even while working remotely.
Keep work and personal accounts separate.
Don’t allow other members of your household
to access work-related information.